Add V2Checkpoint limitation for unity catalog connector, delta lake connector, databricks connector (mode: delta lake) (#747)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/data-connectors/databricks.md

## Limitations

> - Unity Catalog does not support reading Delta tables with the `V2Checkpoint` feature enabled. To use the Unity Catalog connector with such tables, drop the `V2Checkpoint` feature by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Databricks Data Connector does not support reading Delta tables with the `V2Checkpoint` feature enabled. To use the Unity Catalog connector with such tables, drop the `V2Checkpoint` feature by executing the following command:
```

## Limitations

> - Databricks connector (mode: delta_lake) doesn't support reading Delta table with V2Checkpoint feature. To use databricks connector (mode: delta_lake), drop V2Checkpoint features in catalogs with `ALTER TABLE <table-name> DROP FEATURE v2Checkpoint [TRUNCATE HISTORY]` command. For details on dropping Delta table features, refer to: [Drop Delta table features](https://docs.databricks.com/en/delta/drop-feature.html#:~:text=Databricks%20provides%20limited%20support%20for,data%20files%20backing%20the%20table.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unity Catalog does not support reading Delta tables with the `V2Checkpoint` feature enabled. To use the Unity Catalog connector with such tables, drop the `V2Checkpoint` feature by executing the following command:

  ```sql
  ALTER TABLE <table-name> DROP FEATURE v2Checkpoint [TRUNCATE HISTORY];
  ```

  For more details on dropping Delta table features, refer to the official documentation: [Drop Delta table features](https://docs.delta.io/latest/delta-drop-feature.html)
```
